Hello everyone and welcome to the solution to the light switches riddle.
So this is the one I noticed that it was a bit of a trick question.
So hopefully you don't get asked this type of question in an interview since it's not really math or
logic base.
The solution is to realize that you can leave an incandescent light bulb on for a while until it heats
up.
That's the real trick or gotcha to this sort of riddle.
So I personally think would be unfair to be asked this question in an interview setting but once you
figure out that fact here's the solution.
The solution is a TURN ON switch one and then wait for 15 minutes until that corresponding bulb in the
other room is hot.
Then turn it off and turn on switch to then head to the room.
Then you know that the bulb which is hot off corresponds to switch one the bulb which is on corresponds
a switch to and the bulb which is off and cold corresponds to switch 3.
So that was the real trick realizing that you could keep us light switch on for a while wait for one
of the light bulbs to heat up then turn it off turn on the second switch walked to the room and then
you can correspond to the switches.
All right.
That's it for this problem again.
I think it's an unfair question but who knows maybe it might be asked something like this in an interview
.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture